Docs/polytopes (#611)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/PolyhedralGeometry/pg_linear_programs.md

Pages = ["pg_linear_programs.md"]
```

# Linear Programs

## Introduction

> The task of a linear program is to optimize a linear function over a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of a linear program is to optimize a linear function over a
```

polyhedron.

## Constructions

> Linear programs are constructed by passing a polyhedron, and a linear function

Reviewer: Perhaps introduce the term "objective function" here already, that might help connect the text with the example code for readers who are not experts on this kind of math?
```suggestion
Linear programs are constructed from a polyhedron and a linear *objective function*
```

> in terms of a vector and translation. One may specify whether the optimization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is described by a vector and (optionally) a translation. One can select whether the optimization
```

> problem is in terms of maximum or minimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
problem is to maximize or to minimize the objective function.
```
Perhaps also state what the default is, minimize or maximize?

Reviewer 2: For my feeling it is okay here to leave the default out because the docstring follows right after and should contain this information in its header.

I still agree with the improved phrasing.

```@docs
LinearProgram
```

## Solving a linear program - an example
Let $P=[-1,1]^3$ be the $3$-dimensional cube in $\mathbb{R}^3$, and consider
the linear function $\ell$, given by $\ell(x,y,z) = 3x-2y+4z+2$. Minimizing
$\ell$ over $P$ can be done by solving the corresponding linear program.
Computationally, this means first defining a linear program:

```@repl oscar
P = cube(3)
LP = LinearProgram(P,[3,-2,4];k=2,convention = :min)
```

The information about the linear program `LP` can be easily extracted.

```@repl oscar

> (c,k)=objective_function(LP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
c, k = objective_function(LP)
```

P == feasible_region(LP)
ℓ = objective_function(LP; as = :function)
```

Solving the optimization problem can be achieved using `solve_lp`: the output
is a pair `(m,v)` where the optimal value is `m`, and that value is achieved at

> `v`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve the optimization problem call `solve_lp`, which returns a pair `m, v`
where the optimal value is `m`, and that value is achieved at `v`.
```

```@repl oscar

> (m,v) = solve_lp(LP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
m, v = solve_lp(LP)
```

ℓ(v) == m
```

Despite the linear program being initially defined with the `:min` convention,
one can still ask for the maximal value and a point on the cube for which
$\ell$ is maximized.

```@repl oscar
M = maximal_value(LP)
V = maximal_vertex(LP)
ℓ(V) == M
```

## Functions

After constructing a linear program, it is straightforward to extract the

> feasible region and objective function

Reviewer: Redundant filler text: remove

```@docs
feasible_region
objective_function
```

Calling `solve_lp` on a linear program outputs a pair: the optimal value and

> the vertex at which the optimum is obtained

Reviewer: This paragraph again seems redundant: this info should be in the docstring for `solve_lp`; and perhaps also in a high-level description of the LP capabilities, but that was already given above...

```@docs
solve_lp
```

One can obtain the maximal or minimal value of the objective function over the
feasible region, if it exists.

```@docs
maximal_value
minimal_value
```

> One can also obtain the maximal or minimal vertex at which the objective

Reviewer: First off, shouldn't it be "a maximal/minimal" vertex (it won't be unique in general)?

Secondly: I already said what I think about all this filler text, soooo I'll just try to not bring it up again, just imagine I've said it about all the other similar filler text here and elsewhere ;-).
